This is a general bug report. Problems I've noticed while
playing the game. I've catagorized them according to how
frequently they occur.

Obvious problems (which you probably already know about):
- "The Naked Bug" - Sometimes when starting the client,
my character starts out naked, bald, and with no backpack.
This seems to happen more frequently when I have a bad
connection (IE alot of net lag)

- "Disappearing Monsters" - Sometimes during combat, the
monster I'm fighting disappears. Its still there. I can
still fight and even kill it (or be killed by it). If
I move away, it comes back (sometimes). It happened about
once every couple of hours and appeared to be random.

- Lighting - Alot of the time, when it was supposed to be
dark, I would start the client and the lighting would be
full daytime lighting. This was fairly random, but it
happened alot. Sometimes parts of the screen would become
lit.  As I walked over them the area where my character
stepped would be set to the proper, dark, shade, whereas
other areas, where I did not walk remained lit.


Frequently annoying problems:
- Object under trees and behind walls, that could not be
picked up.

- Non-player characters in other buildings would reply
to things I said.

- Sometimes when I manipulated my inventory too quickly
(like trying to take all the weapons off of a dead body
before someone else got to them), the client would crash.
It seemed like the only common thread here was if I was 
doing too much at once (open paper doll, open inventory,
close paper doll while inventory was loading, open 
dead corpse, move the dead corpse window, and quickly 
start moving objects around while things were still
loading). It sort of hard to convey in a bug report.
Just imagine yourself. You've just killed your very
first knight. Two PCs walk up to you and congratulate
you and you feverishly are trying to grab all his stuff
before they can! This happened to me a couple of times.

Infrequent, but significant problem:
- Instant kill bug. On two occasions, I had full
hit points (40+). I walked up to an orc, initiated
combat and he instantly killed me. (I don't remember
if he actually hit me or not)

A general request (this isn't a bug, more of a technical
comment):

- Can you do something about the flickering mouse
cursor? Its disconcerting sometimes.



PS - Great game guys!
