This is a followup to the comments I sent before.
I'm still enjoying the game immensely. Great job.

Here are some suggestions I'd like to offer:

- Other platforms: The only reason Windows 95
is on my system is so I can play UO. Thats it.
My computer can handle it (I have a P120 with
16 megs + PCI video), I just personally don't
like it. Please support other platforms. If
not DOS then at least support Linux! Also, 
if you support Workstation computers, such
as Sun, DEC, or even SGI, I'm sure you will
be responsible for a huge drop in productivity 
around the world!

- Level disparities and quests: My big problem
is that I could not play 24 hours a day. I also
did not get the advantage of having a QA person
lead me through a quest.  As such, while there
were several level 30+ people walking around,
I was merely a level 10.  This is bound to happen,
and I understand, but the problem came when you
guys decided to challenge these 30+ people with 
more powerful and more frequent monsters. This 
was great for them, but I saw a fair share of 
low level people get pounced on by multiple 
orc captains. This is a game. It is supposed
to be fun. On an added note, I'm sorry I didn't
get to go on the quest. I wanted to really bad,
but I just didn't make it to a high enough level.
In the final product, please put in some quests for
low level people, as well as high level people.
Maybe even barr high level people from entering
a low level quest, to make things fair.  It was
frustrating finally being able to fight skeletons,
yet entering the cemetary only to watch someone
with a fireball want kill everything before I 
could even swing at it.

- Player Killers: I know there will be alot of
complaints about this one. Please don't take this
option out of the game. I did not kill any fellow
players, but people should not be constrained. There
should be consequences for their actions, however.
Guards should not let known Player Killers walk 
freely in towns. Maybe even create rewards for
known Player Killer's capture/death. Special 
awards low level players would not be able to
offer.

- Keep the consequence of dying in the game.
It might not be fun to lose all your stuff when
you die, but it does keep a balance in the game.
Especially if someone manages to kill a player
killer who owns a fireball wand. They lose their
advantage

- Speaking of fireball wands, these were a little
too powerful. There was too large a jump from
the 2nd most powerful weapon (Axe, from what I
could tell) to most powerful (Fireball wand).
For alot of people, there was no way to get a
wand without completing the quest. And there
was almost no way to complete the quest without
someone along who already had a wand! Viscious
circle. Please avoid this!

- Bulliten Board: Please add in a proper messaging
system in the final product. So people can send
notes to one and other directly.  At least remove
posts from the board which are more than one day old!

- Spells that should appear in the final version:
Communication/Telepathy - For sending a message to
another player logged in, not currently on your screen
Locate - To locate another player

- Please add in talking to others in private/whispering
in the final version. You could tell what someone was
saying, even if they were inside a building. Its hard
to plot evil deeds when everyone can see what you are
saying!

- Pricing: Please charge a reasonable monthly fee,
instead of an hourly rate. A later would make me
very poor, very quickly. 

- One final note. If you want to truly build a world,
you might need some outsiders to help. Allowing for
'Dungeon Masters' inside the game would be great. 
I talked with some friends about this and we agreed 
that you have created the feel of traditional D&D 
on the computer. Allowing some users to set up 
personalized quests for parties of adventurers 
would make this game quite enjoyable. Aquisition 
of powerful magic items could be regulated by forcing
those magic items to be owned by particular monsters. 
The quest could then be set up with a plot particular
to those involved. Perhaps charging extra so a player
can be a DM. That way a group of friends could pool 
together to make one person a DM and share the
enjoyment. I mean going on a generic quest is one
thing, but going on an adventure with your friends
to rescue your sister from your long time nemesis
is personalized and more fun. Its something to consider.

---------------------

Again, I ask that you PLEASE have a public beta test.
This was so much fun, and I put alot of time into it.
I'm happy to help in whatever way I can to produce
an enjoyable product for all.


Thanks for letting me test.

	-John Sabean

